# Sledge - a minimal, flexible Java build system.
Born from a stubborn lack of willingness to learn Gradle or Maven in high
school (called jBuilder), sledge has evolved a ton. It initially had a
fixed-function build pipeline for making Java projects run properly on the
school-issued devices. Now, it has near full scripting support and is a
strange hybrid of CMake and bash.

Sledge is a flexible and extensible build pipeline that supports recursively
compiling trees, dependency resolution, and binary redistribution (with the
ability to provide multiple JARs or ship one, depending on the circumstances).

## Licensing
The source code and all files within this repository are covered under the
Apache License 2.0.

### Exemptions
- Any derivative work/source code directly generated by this tool is not
covered under this license and may be redistributed with no restrictions
as the owner of the built project wishes.
- Sledge modules are covered under their own licenses, but they must
honor the exemption listed above if they link/compile with sledge headers
required for interoperability.

## Build instructions
Generally one does not need to build a build system, but sledge is self-hosted.
If you need to build it though, then run these commands. You'll need the latest
release of sledge to build it.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/RSC-Games/sledge.git
$ cd sledge
$ mkdir build
$ sledge .
$ sledge build
$ sledge install
```

Sledge can also be built trivially on windows, but there's no current way to
install it.

## How do I write the build config files (./hammer)?
TODO
